 The worlds biggest idiot may have the clearest and most pervasive writing style, and likewise people who really know about photography are probably spending their creative time actually doing photography instead of chatting about it.

Film never goes out of style, while digital cameras are trash after two model years. 

You do have to buy into being a Costco member for an annual tab. My wife is a member, so I married her so I could get in for free.

The Mamiya 7 has been the world's best camera since the 1990s.

Hee hee, Sigma's pathetic little sensors are only third-frame, and the 4/3 system is only a quarter of a sensor!

These sort of areas are now thought to have been occupied by powerful transmitters used by the Aliens to provide navigational beacons similar to the VOR transmitters used by today's airplane pilots.

Since much Oriental photo gear now comes from several Oriental countries, it's far more precise to say Oriental rather than trying to delineate Japanese or Chinese.

When the LEICAMAN enjoys a ski holiday in Chamonix with his wife and children, it is the 50mm lens which receives the distinction his accompaniment.

Spending money on new cameras or software is never productive.

Leica, schmeica.

Velvia is the reason I am still a photographer.

I think I'm a seven year old who's managed to sneak into a grown-up's body.

To compare cameras, wiggle your finger in front of them.

I'm not a fan of discount, non-camera brands like Sigma, but that's just me

They destroyed my car and then lied about it.

Who wants to be seen in a Prius anyway?

Save your receipts!

In my motorcycling days I was known as "Rocket Fuel Rockwell".

Like any other masterpiece, the timeless LEICA M3 outlives its mortal owners.

Heh heh, this is a great patent!

BMW makes mistakes.

The Internet is clogged with people handing out free advice on everything, but I'd be careful not to waste much time reading anything written by someone when can't produce decent photos.

I always carry a few pairs of latex gloves anyway.

I’m also in very good physical shape. 

It's so big that I, six feet (180cm) tall, can't see over the top of it.

I’m not a fan of Kodak.

I'm a stupider than usual photographer, however if it happens to me it might just happen to you, too.

Rockwell's law of advertising states: "The more someone has to go on about something in an ad, the less likely it's true."

Hey, Japan is a disposable society, so just get over having to buy new gear every few years. If you want a camera to last for decades buy German.

You need two sets of batteries. You need two sets of batteries.

Nikon does not mention using 4 Ni-MH AA cells in the F100's manual. Will I go to Hell?

Just like the Diana and Holga, The Nikon F100 is not built to the same rugged mechanical standards as previous Nikon cameras. 

Electric cars are a crock.

Electric cars are just another way to get some people richer, using everyone else's money.

Repressive governments love electric cars, because as soon as power is cut during an uprising, no one can recharge their cars that night until the civil unrest subsides and government chooses to restore power.

The LEICA M3 is Perfection rendered immaculate.

Am I worthy to review the LEICA M3? Hardly; nor is any mortal.

You'll never be tempted by junk from Sigma, Voigtländer or Tamron.

In fact, the biggest problem is that these Zeiss lenses are so extraordinary that Leica users try to convert them for use on Leicas, forever removing them from the ability to work on the superior Contax G2 or future Contax G3 full-frame digital.

My LEICA M9 would hit the big blue donations bin at Goodwill so fast that it would be deafening.

The X-Pro1 does what the LEICA M9 does well, even better than the M9 does it!

When you learn it, the X-Pro1 is simpler and faster to shoot than the M9. Hallelujah!

The X-Pro1 is made as well or better than the LEICA M9.